Improve the explanation about backtick templates (#5819)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/string-templates/string_templates.md

# String templates

> A string template is a template expression that can be used to create a string literal. It consists of a `string` tag and a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (in the form `${expression}`). Each interpolation must be a subtype of `boolean|int|float|decimal|string`. Every character not a part of the interpolation is interpreted as is to form a sequence of string literals broken at interpolations. This means if you want to add any escape characters you must add them as interpolations (for example `${"\n"}`). Every interpolation is converted to a string using the `toString` method and concatenated with the other string literals to form a single string literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string template is a template expression that can be used to create a string literal. It consists of a `string` tag and a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (in the form `${expression}`). Each interpolation must be a subtype of `boolean|int|float|decimal|string`. Every character not a part of the interpolation is interpreted as is to form a sequence of string literals broken at interpolations. This means if you want to add any escape characters you must add them as interpolations (for example `${"\n"}`). Every interpolation is converted to a string using the `toString` lang lib function and concatenated with the other string literals to form a single string literal.
```

> A string template is a template expression that can be used to create a string literal. It consists of a `string` tag and a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (in the form `${expression}`). Each interpolation must be a subtype of `boolean|int|float|decimal|string`. Every character not a part of the interpolation is interpreted as is to form a sequence of string literals broken at interpolations. This means if you want to add any escape characters you must add them as interpolations (for example `${"\n"}`). Every interpolation is converted to a string using the `toString` lang lib function and concatenated with the other string literals to form a single string literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string template is a template expression that can be used to create a string literal. It consists of the `string` tag and a sequence of characters interleaved with interpolations (in the form `${expression}`). Each interpolation must be a subtype of `boolean|int|float|decimal|string`. Every character not a part of the interpolation is interpreted as is to form a sequence of string literals broken at interpolations. This means if you want to add any escape characters you must add them as interpolations (for example `${"\n"}`). Every interpolation is converted to a string using the `toString` lang lib function and concatenated with the other string literals to form a single string literal.
```
